1.How many broadcast receivers are available in android - 2


2.OS that android uses - Linux 


3. Top most layer of Android architecture - application framework
  

4. Layer below applications layer - Presentation layer 


5. What is the life cycle of broadcast receivers in android - onRecieve  Context, Intent


6. What is the difference between margin and padding in the Android layout - Both A and B correctMargin defines the extra space outside the border of a view. Padding defines the extra space inside the border of a view. Margin is used to create extra space between two views. Padding is used to create extra space around the content of a view


7. What is the life cycle of foreground activity in android - onCreate() −> onStart() −> onResume()


8. What is a broadcast receiver in android - It will react to broadcast announcements.


9. What is an APK in android - Android Packaging Kit


10. What are the functionalities of the HTTP Client interface in android - All of the above


11. What is a GCM in android - Google cloud messaging for chrome


12. What is an activity in Android - Activity performs the actions on the screen


13. Among the following options choose the one for which Android is based on Linux - All of the above


14. One of the operating system that cannot be used for android application development is - contiki


15. Which of the following is the first mobile phone released that ran the Android OS - T-mobile G1


16. The XML file that contains all the text that your application uses - Strings.xml


17. Which among the following are part of "Application" layer of Android Architecture - all of the above 


18. A _____ makes a specific set of the application data available to other applications - Content provider

 
19. Which among the following are part of the Application layer of Android architecture -  Activities, Services, Content Providers, and Broadcast Receivers

	
20. What is Pending Intent in android - It will fire at a future point in time.


21. What are commands needed to create APK in android - Javac,dxtool, aapt tool, jarsigner tool, and zipalign

	
22. What is the HTTP response error code status in android - status >= 400


23. What is the development environment for Android - IDE


24. What is the name of the program that converts Java byte code into Dalvik byte code - dex compiler


25. Which mobile phone OS contains open APIs that may be ___ attack - Vulnerable to


26.Speed of wlan is- 54mbps

 
27. Is not a Android OS is- mango

28. Orientation service is -4

29. Broadcast receive react- on receive

30. Security problems should not onnn such things for safety purpose like- Bluetooth

31. Should not use ------ fingerprint for safety reasons is - biometric

32. Environment development kit is - SDK

33. Which of the following is the built-in database of Android?- sql-lite

34.How can we kill the adroid
Using finish() method
Using finishActivity(int requestCode

35. What is the use of content provider in Android?-
-For sending the data from an application to another application

36. Which of the following is contained in the src folder?- Java SRC code

37. Which of the following is the topmost layer of android architecture?- application

38. Which of the layer is below the topmost layer of android architecture?- application framework
 

39. android is based on linux for which reason- all of these - security, portability, networking

40. what is the name of google play service before- Android market
 

41. to develop an android application andorid needs to be there on device- false

42. ____ is the protection of smart-phones, phablets, tablets, and other portable tech-devices, & the networks to which they connect to, from threats & bugs- mobile security

#Which of the following does NOT help with mobile data security?- MDM software
#Mobile security is also known as _____- wireless security
#BBProxy tool is used in which mobile OS? - blackberry

#Which of the following tool is used for Blackjacking? - bbproxy
#Mobile Lite is an extension of the ____ cloud service- Salesforce
#. A user is using an IEEE 802.11b a wireless LAN. What is the maximum data rate specified for this WLAN- 11 Mbps